Create an Azure SQL database in the Azure portal
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/sql-database-get-started-portal

Database Migration Service
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/dms/dms-overview

Create a Single SQL instance using PowerShell
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/sql-database-get-started-powershell

Choosing your database migration path
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/choosing-your-database-migration-path-to-azure/

SQL Database migration
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/sql-database-cloud-migrate

Migrate SQL using Data Migration Service
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/dms/tutorial-sql-server-to-azure-sql

Migrate SQL to a managed Instance
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/sql-database-managed-instance-migrate

What is the Azure Database Migration Service?
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/dms/dms-overview

Create a Single Azure SQL database using PowerShell-RAN
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/sql-database-get-started-powershell

Create a Single Azure SQL database using Azure CLI
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/sql-database-get-started-cli

Overview of Data Migration Assistant
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/dma/dma-overview?view=sql-server-2017

Azure Database Migration Guide-resources based on your source workloads
https://datamigration.microsoft.com/

Best practices for running Data Migration Assistant
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/dma/dma-bestpractices?view=sql-server-2017

Perform a SQL Server migration assessment with Data Migration Assistant
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/dma/dma-assesssqlonprem?view=sql-server-2017

Download Microsoft Data Migration Assistant v4.0
https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=53595

Create a Single Azure SQL database using the Azure portal
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/sql-database-get-started-portal

Migrate SQL Server to Azure SQL Database using DMS
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/dms/tutorial-sql-server-to-azure-sql

Migrate SQL Server to Azure SQL Database Managed Instance using DMS
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/dms/tutorial-sql-server-to-managed-instance

Migrate on-premises SQL Server to SQL Server or SQL Server on Azure VMs using the Data Migration Assistant
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/dma/dma-migrateonpremsqltosqldb?view=sql-server-2017

Best practices for running Data Migration Assistant
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/dma/dma-bestpractices?view=sql-server-2017

Overview of Data Migration Assistant
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/dma/dma-overview?view=sql-server-2017

SQL Server instance migration to Azure SQL Database Managed Instance
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/sql-database-managed-instance-migrate

Migrate your SQL Server database to Azure SQL Database using DMA
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/sql-database-migrate-your-sql-server-database

SQL Server database migration to Azure SQL Database
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/sql-database/sql-database-cloud-migrate

#Not in the course, but thought this was fun
Quickstart: Install MS SQL on Ubunut
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/linux/quickstart-install-connect-ubuntu?view=sql-server-linux-2017&WT.mc_id=twitter

Use PowerShell on Windows to Manage SQL Server on Linux
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/linux/sql-server-linux-manage-powershell?view=sql-server-linux-2017
