Module 2: Virtual Machines

Microsoft Azure
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/

Azure Documentation
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/

Azure Pricing Calculator
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/calculator/

Pluralsight: Deploying and Managing Azure IaaS Virtual Machines
https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/azure-iaas-virtual-machines-deploying-managing

Pluralsight: Automating Deployment and Scale of Azure IaaS Solutions
https://www.pluralsight.com/courses/azure-iaas-solutions-automating-deployment-scale

Book: Fundamentals of Azure (Microsoft Press)
https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/microsoft_press/2016/09/01/free-ebook-microsoft-azure-essentials-fundamentals-of-azure-second-edition/

White Paper - RFC 4253 (SSH)
https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc4253.txt

Azure Windows Virtual Machine Pricing
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/virtual-machines/windows/

Azure Linux Virtual Machine Pricing
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/virtual-machines/linux/

Sizes for Virtual Machines in Azure
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-windows-sizes

Azure VM Licensing FAQ
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/licensing-faq/

Azure Resource Naming Conventions
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/guidance/guidance-naming-conventions

Azure VM Marketplace
https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/virtual-machines/

AzureRM.Compute PowerShell Module
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/resourcemanager/azurerm.compute/v1.3.4/azurerm.compute

Create VM using PowerShell
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-windows-ps-create

Install Azure CLI v2.0
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-az-cli2

Create VM Using Azure CLI v2.0
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-quick-create-cli

Install Bash Environment in Windows 10
http://www.howtogeek.com/249966/how-to-install-and-use-the-linux-bash-shell-on-windows-10/

Git Tools for Windows
https://git-scm.com/

PowerShell Remoting - TrustedHosts List
http://winintro.ru/windowspowershell2corehelp.en/html/f23b65e2-c608-485d-95f5-a8c20e00f1fc.htm

Use SSH Keys with Azure Linux VMs
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-mac-create-ssh-keys

Remote Desktop to an Azure Linux VM
https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/virtual-machines-linux-classic-remote-desktop

PuTTY
http://www.putty.org/

PowerShell OpenSSH Project
https://github.com/PowerShell/Win32-OpenSSH